
Music,
music is my thing

I like the sound of music
all in my brains

Pleasure
Pleasure is my game

Pleasure will lead
To my fortune and fame, all right

Wacth him
Wacth me coast through the floor

Checking out every star
Who comes through the door, yeah

Mellow
Mellow as I can be

But baby I'll burn you
if you're dancing with me

Cause' he's a hot cop
Hottest cop on the disco scene

People say that i'm a dancing machine

Cause he's a hot cop
Hottest cop that you'll ever see

I bet you never meet a cop
As funky as me

Party, boogie, boogie 
boogie, boogie, get on down

Party, boogie, boogie 
boogie, boogie, get on down 

Party, boogie, boogie 
boogie, boogie, get on down 

Get up
Get up off your seats

come on and start dancing
to the funky jumping, all right

Party
Come and party with me

Come on everybody
Let your spirits be free

Get down
You won't hear me scream

Come on blow your whistles
Play your hot tambourine

Don't stop
Don't stop doing your thing 

Don't stop, Don't stop
You're making me so hot

Cause' he's a hot cop
Hottest cop on the disco scene

People say that i'm a dancing machine

Cause he's a hot cop
Hottest cop that you'll ever see

I bet you never meet a cop
As funky as me

Party, boogie, boogie 
boogie, boogie, get on down

Party, boogie, boogie 

boogie, boogie, get on down 

Party, boogie, boogie 
boogie, boogie, get on down 

Get on down 

Come on you all
This is the hot cop talkin' to you 
I want everybody to get on their feet
Don't want nobody to be sitting down

Party, boogie, boogie 
boogie, boogie, get on down

Party, boogie, boogie 
boogie, boogie, get on down 

Party, boogie, boogie 
boogie, boogie, get on down 

Party, boogie, boogie 
boogie, boogie, get on down

Party, boogie, boogie 
boogie, boogie, get on down 

Party, boogie, boogie 
boogie, boogie, get on down 

Party, boogie, boogie 
boogie, boogie, get on down 

Hey! That means you too!

Party, boogie, Boogie

Yeah, Cause' he's a hot cop
Hottest cop on the disco scene

People say that i'm a dancing machine

Cause he's a hot cop
Hottest cop that you'll ever see

I bet you never meet a cop
As funky as me

Hot cop
Hot cop

Cause' he's a hot cop
Hottest cop on the disco scene

People say that i'm a dancing machine

Cause he's a hot cop
Hottest cop that you'll ever see

I bet you never meet a cop
As funky as me

Party, boogie, boogie 
boogie, boogie, get on down

Party, boogie, boogie 
boogie, boogie, get on down 

Party, boogie, boogie 
boogie, boogie, get on down 

Party, boogie, boogie 
boogie, boogie, get on down

Party, boogie, boogie 
boogie, boogie, get on down 

Party, boogie, boogie 
boogie, boogie, get on down 

Party, boogie, boogie 
boogie, boogie, get on down

Party, boogie, boogie 
boogie, boogie, get on down
